README.md, before:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Please read the [development guidelines](#development-guidelines)!

# Barrios - 4306 - Software Engineering
Barrios Technologies project for Angelo State CS 4306 - Software Engineering

## Team Members
- [Carlos Cardenas](https://github.com/arcxcc) - ccardenas11@angelo.edu
- [Jonathan Morgan](https://github.com/jmorgan28-01) - jmorgan28@angelo.edu
- [Jeremy Miles](https://github.com/jeremymiles) - jmiles10@angelo.edu
- [Josue Lozano](https://github.com/jlozano23) - jlozano18@angelo.edu
- [Jeff Caldwell](https://github.com/nemo-omen) - jcaldwell2@angelo.edu

## Weekly meeting times

### Team Meetings

Wednesday and Saturday, 7:30 p.m.

## Client Meetings

TBD

## Client Contacts
- Ginger Kerrick, Chief Strategy Officer - ginger.kerrick@barrios.com
- Devin Vyain, Data Solutions Lab Supervisor - devin.a.vyain@nasa.gov

## Project Mentor
[Mason Kindle](https://www.angelo.edu/live/profiles/13285-mason-kindle),  Graduate Assistant  - mkindle@angelo.edu

## Documentation
[Project Wiki](https://github.com/4306-team-noname/barrios/wiki)

## Project Tracking
[Github Projects](https://github.com/orgs/4306-team-noname/projects/1)

## Client Documentation
See markdown files in [client_docs](./client_docs) for the provided project summary and data dictionaries.

## Data
[Barrios data on Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1QjZAWA7KyjAwYDQU2jbEDuHuvXdkoxZB)

## Resources
See the [resources](./resources.md) for a set of tools to use for data exploration, analysis, and manipulation.

## Development Guidelines

All major development will be completed in this repository. While you are encouraged to explore and code in the DevContainer provided by Jeff, class requirements for project iterations require that each member of the team commit code to the repository. So, you need to know how to use Git and GitHub at a basic level.

> [!NOTE]
> The following commands assume you're working in a Linux environment. On a Windows machine, you should execute them in WSL or with the Git terminal for Windows

To contribute to this repository, you need to first clone it to your local machine. The easiest way to do this is in a terminal.

Navigate to a directory on your machine where you prefer to store your code. For me, that's `~/dev/projects`, it may be different for you. I'm just going to refer to it as the `projects` from now on.

```bash
cd ~/dev/projects
```

Clone the repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/4306-team-noname/barrios.git
```

To be continued...

Commit message:

Update resources & readme. Init Django project

README.md, after:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Please read the [development guidelines](#development-guidelines)!

# Barrios - 4306 - Software Engineering
Barrios Technologies project for Angelo State CS 4306 - Software Engineering

## Team Members
- [Carlos Cardenas](https://github.com/arcxcc) - ccardenas11@angelo.edu
- [Jonathan Morgan](https://github.com/jmorgan28-01) - jmorgan28@angelo.edu
- [Jeremy Miles](https://github.com/jeremymiles) - jmiles10@angelo.edu
- [Josue Lozano](https://github.com/jlozano23) - jlozano18@angelo.edu
- [Jeff Caldwell](https://github.com/nemo-omen) - jcaldwell2@angelo.edu

## Weekly meeting times

### Team Meetings

Wednesday and Saturday, 7:30 p.m.

## Client Meetings

TBD

## Client Contacts
- Ginger Kerrick, Chief Strategy Officer - ginger.kerrick@barrios.com
- Devin Vyain, Data Solutions Lab Supervisor - devin.a.vyain@nasa.gov

## Project Mentor
[Mason Kindle](https://www.angelo.edu/live/profiles/13285-mason-kindle),  Graduate Assistant  - mkindle@angelo.edu

## Project Requirements
**Focus**

> Remember the following prompts for analysis, and center all of the effort around deriving insights into these prompts:
> Questions:
> 1. __Analysis__ (?)
> What is the percent difference between historical consumable usage rate assumptions and actual calculated usage rates in mission time frames between resupply?
> 2. __Optimization__
> What resupply quantities are necessary, considering planned resupply vehicle traffic from the ISS Flight Plan, planned On-Orbit Crew counts, and historical usage rates to sustain minimum supply thresholds, plus a 10% safety factor, through the next two years?
> 3. __Optimization__
> What resupply quantities meet the requirements of question \#2 while minimizing launch vehicle quantity? (e.g., launching 10,000 granola bars would ensure the minimum thresholds are not violated, but is not a realistic or optimal strategy for balancing launch mass requirements with supply requirements)
> 4. __Predictive modeling__
> What month in the next two years of the Flight Plan timeline is most likely to incur a violation of minimum supply thresholds?
> 5. __Predictive modeling__
> Which consumables item(s) are most likely to incur a violation of minimum supply thresholds in the next two years of the future Flight Plan timeline?

## Documentation
[Project Wiki](https://github.com/4306-team-noname/barrios/wiki)

## Project Tracking
[Github Projects](https://github.com/orgs/4306-team-noname/projects/1)

## Client Documentation
See markdown files in [client_docs](./client_docs) for the provided project summary and data dictionaries.

## Data
[Barrios data on Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1QjZAWA7KyjAwYDQU2jbEDuHuvXdkoxZB)

## Resources
See the [resources](./resources.md) for a set of tools to use for data exploration, analysis, and manipulation.

## Development Guidelines

All major development will be completed in this repository. While you are encouraged to explore and code in the DevContainer provided by Jeff, class requirements for project iterations require that each member of the team commit code to the repository. So, you need to know how to use Git and GitHub at a basic level.

> [!NOTE]
> The following commands assume you're working in a Linux environment. On a Windows machine, you should execute them in WSL or with the Git terminal for Windows

To contribute to this repository, you need to first clone it to your local machine. The easiest way to do this is in a terminal.

Navigate to a directory on your machine where you prefer to store your code. For me, that's `~/dev/projects`, it may be different for you. I'm just going to refer to it as the `projects` from now on.

```bash
cd ~/dev/projects
```

Clone the repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/4306-team-noname/barrios.git
```

To be continued...
